# Democratic DJ

Based on http://jsfiddle.net/qlmhuge/t7a1sh4u/

## Game Concept
Players compete for the title of _Best DJ_ by selecting spotify tracks that they expect the rest of the party to like
This is achieved through two main actions
 - adding tracks to their own list of candidate tracks
 - voting on the tracks selected by other players

The game has two main components
 1. The _game view_
  - controls the Spotify player
  - holds a bar graph of points (or something conceptually similar) for all participating players
  - shows how many votes have been cast in the current round
  - shows estimated time until track completion, where next vote will be tallied
  - shows how many players currently vote for skipping ahead
  - allows configuration of how many _skip ahead_ votes are needed for skipping ahead
  - provides a _join game_ link, possibly as QR code
 1. The _player view_
  - shows a _list of tracks_ that the current player has selected
  - allows editing of the tracks list
  - shows the tracks currently being voted on
  - allows the player to vote on a list of tracks, that has been generated by selecting the top track from each player's list

## Setting up
The game likely needs to run on a PC with a speaker + a fairly large display connected to it
The root of the game (currently http://democraticdj.apphb.com) should provide a link that permits the starting of a new game session.
Once started, players should be allowed to join simply by entering an URL into a mobile browser.

The _join URL_ should always be available from the _game view_, allowing players to join ad hoc.

In order to use Spotify playback, someone should login to https://play.spotify.com/ on the browser that holds the _game view_.

## Playing a round
The duration of a round is 5 minutes (configurable?) or the length of the currently playing track, whichever comes first.

During each round, each player should
  - ensure that their _list of tracks_ has their next candidate track at the top of the list, allowing
  - vote for one of the tracks selected by someone else

## Round completion
  - Each player is awarded points according to the number of votes that were cast for the players selected track.
  - Having selected the track constitutes 1 vote, so the minimum number of points awarded for having anything on a _list of tracks_ is 1.
  - The _top scoring track_ is played by the _game view_.
  - The _top scoring track_ is removed from all players'  _list of tracks_, and added to a list of recently played tracks.
  - all tracks that were part of the vote (besides the _top scoring track_) are moved to the bottom of the players _list of tracks_, ensuring that the next vote will be different

## Winning the game
  - anything goes, but one victory scenario could be that the first player to reach 100 points wins (configurable?).
  - when a victor has been declared, the game resets points
  - players may keep playing, keeping their _list of tracks_
  - the winners gravatar is added to a list on the _game view_ of recent winners.
